README.md, before:

# TransferWise API Postman collections

Here are two Postman collections and environments to help you work with the TransferWise API.

## all-endpoints

This collection holds the full set of endpoint available on our API, organised by resource.

## bank-flow

This collection, aimed at integrating banks, contains the endpoints organised as a flow that matches how a bank's backend would interact with the TransferWise API to build a successful integration. If you are integrating from a bank then please use this collection to learn how the TransferWise flow works.

## connected-apps-flow

This collection, aimed for non-bank partners, contains the API flow for a third-party to interact with the TransferWise API to build a successful "Pay with TransferWise" integration. If you are using our API to connect with customer TransferWise accounts to make international payments then please use this collection to learn how the flow works.

## multi-currency-account

This collection, aimed for Multi-Currency Account APIs, containers the environment, useful endpoints and different flows for using the MCA balances.

Commit message:

PLASTIC-17538: Add Cards API Postman collection

README.md, after:

# TransferWise API Postman collections

Here are two Postman collections and environments to help you work with the TransferWise API.

## all-endpoints

This collection holds the full set of endpoint available on our API, organised by resource.

## bank-flow

This collection, aimed at integrating banks, contains the endpoints organised as a flow that matches how a bank's backend would interact with the TransferWise API to build a successful integration. If you are integrating from a bank then please use this collection to learn how the TransferWise flow works.

## cards-api

This collection, aimed for Card Issuance API, containers the environment, useful endpoints and different flows for the Card Issuance.

## connected-apps-flow

This collection, aimed for non-bank partners, contains the API flow for a third-party to interact with the TransferWise API to build a successful "Pay with TransferWise" integration. If you are using our API to connect with customer TransferWise accounts to make international payments then please use this collection to learn how the flow works.

## multi-currency-account

This collection, aimed for Multi-Currency Account APIs, containers the environment, useful endpoints and different flows for using the MCA balances.
